# CC Changelog

October 2022 - November 2022

## Questions

* Added a check for whether all questions have been answered.

## Inputs

* Added keystroke checker for each input to ensure that special characters are ignored. Only allows abc123.

## Mobile UI

* Rewritten the mobile CSS to ensure that everything works as expected on a smaller screen.

* Tabulator, added function to prevent users resizing columns on mobile `columnDefaults: handleMobileTable()`, `layout: handleMobileLayout()`. 

* Tabualtor, added function to prevent frozen columns `columns: handleMobileColumns(cols)`. 

* Redesigned the navigation bar, so that all links are viewable and each has a description that is viewable. Similar to the expanded view on desktop. Desktop still has the option to only show the icons. 

* Redesigned behaviour of mobile. Instead of removing the option to add, edit and remove data. Just the amount of data displayed on the screen at any one time has been reduced. Mobile now offers full support for functions as if it were the desktop version. 

* Fixed a bug that caused mobile styling to be applied to desktop tables in tabulator.

## Overview:

* Changed the way each chart is displayed to take up 100% of horizontal space when available. On devices width < 1000px - view is changed to single column. 

* Fixed some sizing issues regarding padding on some elements. 

## General

* View has been added to redirect a user when they visit a project that doesn't exist. 

* Added `contentType: "plain/text"` to API calls to prevent '??' from breaking the code. 

* Added character limits to password fields. 

* Changing a value in a table and then hovering the mouse cursor over the table would cause errors. This was an issue fixed in version 5.4 of tabulator. We have now updated this. 

## Activity

* Fixed an issue that caused duplicating an activity/intensity to not work properly. 

## Groups

* Fixed an issue that caused the api call to be sent when clicking `cancel` inside of add group modal. 

## Projects

* Removed the ability for edit users to be able to edit a project once it has been marked as complete. Project admins can still edit.

* Changed styling of project details page, when not in edit mode, inputs appear as if they are text on a screen.

## Intensity

* Fixed an issue that clicking intensity multiple times caused whitespace to appear.  

## Page Permissions

* Changed 'Get Started' page from 'user' to 'edit' permissions. 

## Reports

* Added a maximum width on report tables, to ensure that they work on mobile an tablets. 

## Previous Emissions

* Added a check to ensure that users are filling out correct boxes. If no data, only first year is accessible, etc. 

## Privacy Policy

* Added Data Security, Data Retention and Data Transfer to privacy policy on both noauth and auth views. 

## Login

* Changed the styling for cookie container. Now dims the background and has a more polished look and feel. Works responsively in mobile also. 
