# CC Changelog

May 2022 - July 2022

## General

* Added maintenance mode. Produces message on front end telling users to check back later. 

* Added a function to check whether the user has an active session. If they do not, they are logged out. 

## Activity

* Updated the way you can add a Scope 3 emission. Added the ability to manually add the emission via user import code. This has two options: Description and Unit of Measurement. 

* Added the ability to add a yearly value to any activity. This divides the inputted number by the reporting year. 

* Changed activity table to support infinite scroll, removed pagination. 

* Menu items have been cascaded. 

## Tables

* Tables now support filtering by only the data currently shown in the table, not all of the data that was originally accessible. 

* Changed the ciolumn width when viewing some tables. 

* Added auto update to column headers. 

* All tables now have resizable columns. 

## Subscriptions

* Added API check to confirm whether the user has an active subscription before updating/ adding/ removing any data from the platform. If their subscription is expired - it cancels the action. 

* Removed free trial from subscriptions. 

## API

* Emails are now sent through API rather than front end. 

* Chnaged how projects are copied so that questions are also copied. 

## Login

* Resetting password now checks for minimum requirements. 

* Changed URL for reset password. 

* Visiting the login screen now removes your current session. 

## Project

* Removed the ability to delete a project if you are not an admin or owner. 

* Project emission data is now represented based on 0 decimal place. 

* FIxed an issue where page would resize when changing between table pages on activity, intensity, groups, sites and projects. 

* Users can change status of a project if they have admin rights. 

## Help

* Added help page inside of project, as well as general. Can be accessed from anywhere now. 

## Report

* Report page now uses Jan, Feb, March etc, rather than 01, 02, 03 for months. 


