# CC Changelog

September 2022

## Forgot Password

* When interacting with the forgot password screen, entering an email that has an account but is not activated, will now resend the activiation email. 

## General

* Added support for GA.

## Overview

* Added support for Scope 4 (Out of Scope) graphs. 

## User Interface / User Experience

* Added a banner for users on a freee trial to show how long they have left. 

* Updated the look and feel of the login, registration, forgot/reset password and activate account screens. Now feature the same background with the same colour as other aspects on CC. 

* Added limits to input fields to prevent API post going over maxlength. 

## Projects

* Fixed an issue that caused an error when deleting a proejct from the table if you are an admin of the project. 

* Fixed an issue where project identifier column was too small. 

* If users have 0 projects, added a function that adds 'Create your first project' top the project table. Removes itself when they have created their first project. 

* Added a check so taht project admins cannot remove project creattors from the project. Users also cannot remove themselves from the project even if they are admins. Another admin or the creator will need to do this. 

## Activity

* Fixed an issue causing the activity table to not sort in the correct order. Now sorts by Scope in ascending order. 

* Updated conversion code, import code description and unit of measurement to be 'requried' when submitting a form. 

* Fixed a bug where conversion groups wouldn't show level 1, 2, 3, 4 or columntext data. 

## Intensity

* Added support for adding values by year. 

* Added 'required' to input fields when adding an intensity. 

## Sites

## Groups

## Questions

* Fixed an issue where 'energy savings' questions were displayed incorrectly. 

* Added beginning support for Energy management matrix and energy management assessment questions. 

* Fixed an issue where some answers were submitted multiple times when updating the questions. 

## Report

* Started to look at integrating parts of the ESOS report into CC. We will not be able to produce the entire report, but we can handle parts of it.

## SECR Report

## API

## Landing Page

* Implented landing page graphics, animations and images. 

* Changed UI elements on the mobile version of the landing page. 

* Changed the header image to be HTML rather than a static image. 

* Changed subdomain from alpha to beta. 
